Common responsibilities

    Performs individual (under supervision) and collaborative research;
	My research topic is numerical methods for differential equations. I have investigated
	Boussinesq Paradigm Equation and the N-Body Problem (Equations of Motion). The first relates to my Master Thesis and PhD that I am currently doing.
	The equation is two dimensional, non-linear, hyperbolic and with fourth order spatial derivatives.
	For its solution I use Iterative Solvers (Simple Iteration Method), Fast Poisson Solvers, band matrices, high order finite differences, etc.
	The second relates to my Bachelor Thesis and creating a Solar System Model with the Moon, planets and Sun. Here I used Taylor Series approach
	to predict the position of the space objects and Runge-Kutta method for verification.
	
    Prepares presentations to communicate research results at national and international level and participates in various dissemination events such as conferences, workshops and seminars;
	Sofia 27.06.2014 (Biomath), International Conference on Mathematical Methods and Models in Biosciences and Young Scientist School, 
	Numerical Study of Traveling Wave Solutions to 2D Boussinesq Equation, K. Angelow, N. Kolkovska,
    Linz 27.09.2015, Workshop on Approximation Theory, CAGD, Numerical Analysis, and Symbolic Computation	BGSIAM (with paper waiting for revision),
	On the Boundary Condition of a Stationary Boussinesq Type Equation, K. Angelow, N. Kolkovska
	Sofia 12.2019, Bulgarian Section of Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics, 
	Numerical Study of Soliton Solutions to the Two Dimensional Boussinesq Equation, K. Angelow, N. Kolkovska
	Albena 06.2021 (AMITANS)
	Comparison between two numerical methods for solution of 2D Boussinesq paradigm equation, K. Angelow, N. Kolkovska
    Contributes to high-quality publications
	- N.Kolkovska, K.Angelow, A Multicomponent Alternating Direction Method for Numerical Solution of Boussinesq Paradigm Equation, CPP, Numerical Analysis and Its Applications, Lozenetz, Bulgaria, June 15-20, 2012
	- K.Angelow,N.Kolkovska, Numerical Study of Traveling Wave Solutions to 2D Boussinesq Equation, Serdica Journal of Computing, Volume 13, Number 1-2, p. 1-16, (2019)
    - K.Angelow,N.Kolkovska, New Boundary Condition for the Two Dimensional Stationary Boussinesq Paradigm Equation, International Journal of Applied Mathematics, Vol. 32, No 1 (2019)
    Performs state-of-the-art analyses in the field of Big Data and AI;
	case:
		https://dev.datasciencesociety.net/the-vmware-case-organize-the-knowledge-base/
	repo:
		https://github.com/CloakMe/sunnystronghold
	OCR app
		links with the app
    


One or more of the following responsibilities

    Proposes appropriate (and innovative) data ingestion, preparation, integration and semantic enrichment techniques, optimally addressing data quality requirements;
    Develops new methods, algorithms and automated solutions for the integration, simulation and visualization of data (including geo-spatial and spatio-temporal data) originated from multiple distributed sources;
    Participates in the development of Big Data Analysis solutions by designing and implementing advanced Machine Learning, Statistics, information extraction and retrieval techniques;
    Enhances data quality by validating mappings between existing data sources and new semantic repositories, as well as between data sources and ontologies/data models;
    Contributes to the development of ontology-based definitions and standard’s extensions;

Skills, Experience and Qualifications

    А minimum of master’s degree in computer science, statistics, applied mathematics, or a related field;
    They are expected to be motivated and passionate about research. The publication track record will be in advance.
    Knowledge and skill in data science and/or artificial intelligence areas such as machine learning and natural language processing.
    Strong programming skills.
    Experience in data management disciplines such us: data modelling, integration and clearing.
    Good communication and presentation skills to explain the outcome of the research.
    Comfortable working as part of a team;
